Mixxx 2.5.4 Release Newspost (#415)
mixxxdj/website: content/news/XXXX-XX-XX-mixxx-2_5_4-released.md

title: Mixxx 2.5.4 Released
authors: Evelynne Veys
tags: 2.5.4, release announcement
comments: yes
status: draft

#### Mixxx 2.5.4 Release Announcement: bundling improvements at the end of the year.

We're proud to share our early Christmas present with you: Mixxx version 2.5.4, a new stable release of Mixxx.
This version bundles corrections, improvements and fixes for the issues you reported.  

> We emphasize the importance of reporting issues and bugs and testing nightly builds. This quality control ensures Mixxx continues to improve and ensures stress-free end-of-year sets for every Mixxx-DJ and Mixxx-broadcaster.  

Reviewer: let's add links to the release downloads
```suggestion
We'd like to emphasize the importance of reporting issues and bugs and testing nightly builds of the [beta (bugfix)](https://mixxx.org/download/#beta) and [alpha (development)](https://mixxx.org/download/#testing) versions. This quality control ensures Mixxx continues to improve and ensures stress-free end-of-year sets for every Mixxx-DJ and Mixxx-broadcaster.
```

Author: you're right, thank you

* [if you are on linux](https://mixxx.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/267968-testing/topic/group.3A.20.20linux_testers)
* [if you are on windows](https://mixxx.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/267968-testing/topic/group.3A.20windows_testers)

A lot of new users have found their way to Mixxx, all sharing the same passion for music in all forms: tango, techno, experimental electronic, merengue, dubstep, ... For every specific genre DJs are searching for an optimized controller mapping, adapted Auto DJ transitions or effects. Others are still searching their way in the silent darkness, you can help them by sharing your Mixxx experience, your illuminating fire can lead them to Mixxx.  
We welcome all users, we want you to DJ your own way.

Have a nice Mixxx.

#### Highlights: important fixes in 2.5.4

Some examples of improvements and fixes, more fixes have been included to keep everything stable, up and running, and as they were required by operating system updates or Qt improvements.
The complete changelog can be found [here](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/blob/2.5.4/CHANGELOG.md).

> #### Controller Mappings

Reviewer: Can we use h5 for these headlines?
Just so they're a level lower than **Highlights: ...**

```suggestion
##### Controller Mappings
```

Author: right, I must have miscounted 😄
